so there's a lot of variability in salaries, depending on so many factors.
So I think in general it is true that the more advanced degree
that you have, the higher your overall salary range, is going to be.
So. Usually people with PhDs are going to make more money than people
who have master's degrees, who are going to make more money than
people with bachelor's degrees. And that's just kind of like, I think,
a general trend. It's not always true. Um, the other thing that's
really going toe affect your salary range is what you're actually doing.
So, for instance, my husband and I have the exact same degree.
We worked in the same exact lab in graduate school, so we have a carbon
copy of each other's degrees. He went into the pharmaceutical industry.
I went into academics. He makes I'm going to say conservatively
four times what I make with the exact same degree. So what you
do, I think, is probably the biggest factor that affects how much you
make, which is, you know, that makes sense. So the question is, what
do you want to dio like? If if you're if you're making this decision
based on, like, a salary range, Like I You know, I don't want to
do anything where I'm gonna be making less than a certain amount. For
instance, I think the best way to figure out salary ranges is to
narrow down the actual position that you see and a great place to do.
This is the career center. So if you go to the Career Center, they
have so much information on different types of jobs or different types
of careers, and you can look at those careers and see Okay, this
seems like a good one. That seems like a good one. That seems like
something I would be interested in. And then once you've chosen, like,
a handful of careers, you can then you either through the career
center or just through something like Google. You can probably find
salary ranges for that type of position. So that would be if I was trying
to figure out, like, okay, if I decided Thio leave my career and
become a research assistant in a biotech lab. How much would I make?
Well, you know, once I decided. Okay, this is what I want to do.
I want to do. I wanna be a research assistant in a biotech lab. I could
then go onto the Internet. Or I could go to the career center and
say, Okay, What? You know, what kind of salaries are you seeing for
people in this position? And so that might be a really good way.
Thio kind of get some good data on actual salaries.